README.md, before:

# Web QA Usage

Web QA Usage is an example app to showcase how various End to End testing frameworks can be used. It currently supports Cypress, TestCafe and Playwright. [The test app is currently live on GitHub pages.](https://seriouslysean.github.io/web-qa-usage/#/).

## Building & Running

Pull this repo down locally and run `npm ci` to install the dependencies.
### Development Build

* Run `npm run dev` to serve a development build.
* Visit `http://127.0.0.1:5173/`.

### Production Build

* Run `npm run build` to generate the production build.
* Run `npm run preview` to serve a production build.
* Visit `http://127.0.0.1:4173/`.

## QA Testing

### Cypress

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:cypress` to run Cypress headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:cypress:open` to run Cypress

For more information, see the [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress).

### TestCafe

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:testcafe` to run TestCafe headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:testcafe:open` to run TestCafe

For more information, see the [TestCafe documentation](https://testcafe.io/documentation/402635/getting-started).

### Playwright

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:playwright` to run Playwright headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:playwright:open` to run Playwright

For more information, see the [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro).


## FAQ

> The test suites won't run, any idea why?

You're probably missing some system dependencies (browsers, libraries, etc).

- [Cypress has some documentation on it](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/continuous-integration/introduction#Dependencies)
- [Playwright can install them automatically](https://playwright.dev/docs/cli#install-system-dependencies)

Commit message:

Update readme with node version steps

README.md, after:

# Web QA Usage

Web QA Usage is an example app to showcase how various End to End testing frameworks can be used. It currently supports Cypress, TestCafe and Playwright. [The test app is currently live on GitHub pages.](https://seriouslysean.github.io/web-qa-usage/#/).

## Building & Running

Pull this repo down locally and run `npm ci` to install the dependencies. Due to Vite, Node 16+ is a hard requirement. You can either [download Node directly](https://nodejs.org/) or use a node version manager like [n](https://github.com/tj/n) or [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

There is also an `.nvmrc` file so that you can use `n auto` or `nvm use` to automatically set your node version.

### Development Build

* Run `npm run dev` to serve a development build.
* Visit `http://127.0.0.1:5173/`.

### Production Build

* Run `npm run build` to generate the production build.
* Run `npm run preview` to serve a production build.
* Visit `http://127.0.0.1:4173/`.

## QA Testing

### Cypress

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:cypress` to run Cypress headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:cypress:open` to run Cypress

For more information, see the [Cypress documentation](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress).

### TestCafe

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:testcafe` to run TestCafe headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:testcafe:open` to run TestCafe

For more information, see the [TestCafe documentation](https://testcafe.io/documentation/402635/getting-started).

### Playwright

* Run `npm run dev`
* Run `npm run test:playwright` to run Playwright headlessly
* (optional) Run `npm run test:playwright:open` to run Playwright

For more information, see the [Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/intro).


## FAQ

> The test suites won't run, any idea why?

You're probably missing some system dependencies (browsers, libraries, etc).

- [Cypress has some documentation on it](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/continuous-integration/introduction#Dependencies)
- [Playwright can install them automatically](https://playwright.dev/docs/cli#install-system-dependencies)
